Doc correction - Fixed Broken Link (#35672)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/multi-container-microservice-net-applications/microservice-application-design.md

- [Domain-Driven Design N-layered](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/cesardelatorre/published-first-alpha-version-of-domain-oriented-n-layered-architecture-v2-0/).

> - [Clean Architecture](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/common-web-application-architectures#clean-architecture) (as used with [eShopOnWeb](https://aka.ms/WebAppArchitecture))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Clean Architecture](../../modern-web-apps-azure/common-web-application-architectures.md#clean-architecture) (as used with [eShopOnWeb](https://aka.ms/WebAppArchitecture))
```
